feat: create `MarketRewardsProgramRegistry` contract to allow time-bounded reward program registrations (#15)
morpho-org/morpho-blue-rewards-emissions: README.md

> ## BlueMarketRewardsProgramRegistry contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## MorphoBlueMarketRewardsProgramRegistry contract
```

We always use Morpho with Blue everywhere and we should stick with it.

Could be shorten to `MarketRewardsRegistry` tbh

### Overview

The legacy `EmissionDataProvider` contract provides a streamlined method for tracking emissions of a specific ERC20 token within a rewards program operated on Morpho Blue. It allows users to set emission rates for various rewards tokens in different markets. The `MarketRewardsProgramRegistry` contract is the updated version of the `EmissionDataProvider` contract to handle time-bounded rewards programs.

### Key Features

- **Rate Setting**: Any user can set a rate for a particular rewards token and market. Rates must be linked to a Universal Rewards Distributor (URD) for the distribution of rewards.
- **Trust Factor**: As rate setting is open to all, it's crucial for users to assess the credibility of the rate setter who is responsible for sending the rewards to the URD upon distribution.
- **Rewards Structure**: Rates are indicative of potential rewards. The actual distribution is handled by the `UniversalRewardsDistributor` contract during each update cycle, contingent on the trustworthiness of the rewards curator.

> - **Program Structure**: The contract is designed to handle multiple rewards programs, each with its own start and end times. Once a program is registered, it is immutable and cannot be updated. Projects can set at most 30 programs per `id` with `id = keccak256(abi.encode(sender, urd, rewardToken, market))`.

Reviewer 2: This is only for the `MarketRewardsProgramRegistry`, it should be mentionned

> ### Rewards Programs Structure

Reviewer: why programs is at plural?

- **Sender**: Address defining the rate. Can be any user.
- **URD (Universal Rewards Distributor)**: Address for distributing rewards. Can be any URD.
- **RewardToken**: The ERC20 token address used for rewards.
- **MarketId**: Identifier of the market in which rewards are being offered.
- **MarketRewardsProgram**: A structure containing the programs rates for each aspect of a Morpho market (supply, borrow, collateral) as well as the period for which the rates are active.

### Rates

Rates are defined per year and only apply to a certain period.

### Specifications

> - **Discontinuing a Rate**: Rates are ceased when the program's `endTimestamp` is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Discontinuing a Rate**: Rates cease when the program's `endTimestamp` is reached.
```
